All righty, so moving along
with our development process,
in this video, we'll cover step three
of updating the checkout component
to retrieve the months and years from the service.
Okay, so let's go ahead and move over here
to our checkout component.
So I'll open up our checkout.component.ts.
Okay, so here's our class CheckoutComponent.
Let's move in here
and let's go ahead and define some properties.
So I'll define an array for creditCardYears
and also an array for credCardMonths.
And then in my constructor,
I'll inject our form service
that we created in the previous videos.
And remember, that's our luv2ShopFormService.
Okay, so that coding there looks pretty good.
And now let's add some code in our ngOnInit method.
So right near the end of this method ngOnInit.
I'll write some quick comments here to myself
to kind of keep myself on track.
Okay, great, so we're going to populate the credit card months
and also populate the credit card years.
Alrighty, so we'll get the current month
and remember, the months are zero based,
so we need to add one to the value.
And I'll also just log this value
just so I can view it in the console for debugging.
Next, I'll make use of my luv2ShopFormService
to get the credit card months.
I pass in the startMonth,
the subscribe on this call.
And when the data's returned, I'll simply log the data
and also assign it.
And I'll say this.creditCardMonths equals data.
Okay, so this code looks pretty good.
This is for retrieving the credit card months
and we'll do a similar thing here for credit card years.
So we call luv2ShopFormService,
I getCreditCardYears.subscribe.
Once the data's returned, we simply log the data
and also assign it accordingly.
Alrighty, so this looks pretty good.
So we've added the code here
for getting the credit card months
and also getting the credit card years.
Good job!